README.md, before:

<img align="left" width="100px" height="100px" src="https://seso-static-assets-public.s3.amazonaws.com/seso-logo-green-a-100x100.png" alt="seso-logo">

# SESO Coding Challenge: Log Sorting

<br>

## Instructions

We have a number of [**log sources**](https://github.com/sesolabor/coding-challenge/blob/master/lib/log-source.js). Each log source contains N log entries. Each entry is a javascript object with a timestamp and message. We don't know the number of log entries each source contains - however - we do know that the entries within each source are sorted 🕒 **chronologically** 🕒.

### The Objectives:

1. [**_Drain all of the log sources._**](https://github.com/sesolabor/coding-challenge/blob/31313e303c53cebb96fa02f3aab473dd011e1d16/lib/log-source.js#L45) You should see what this means after digging in.
2. Print all of the entries, across all of the sources, in chronological order.
   - We don't need to store the log entries, just print them to stdout.
3. Do this _efficiently_. There are time and space complexities afoot!

We expect candidates to spend 1-3 hours on this exercise.

**We want to see you flex your CS muscles!!! Use the appropriate data structures to satisfy the time and space complexities inherent to the problem!!!**

## Pointers & Callouts

- We don't know how many logs each source contains. A source could contain millions of entries and be exabytes in size! In other words, reading the entirety of a log source into memory won't work well.
- Log sources could contain logs from last year, from yesterday, even from 100 years ago. We won't know the timeframe of a log source until we start looking.
- Consider what would happen when asked to merge 1 million log sources. Where might bottlenecks arise?

There are two parts of the challenge which you'll see when diving into things. You can get started by running `npm start`.

## Submitting

Create a GitHub repo and email your point of contact the link.

If - for whatever reason - you cannot create a GitHub repo for this challenge, it is also acceptable to 'zip' the directory and provide your submission as an email attachment.

## Submitting

Create a GitHsss

Commit message:

feat: we add solution author

README.md, after:

<img align="left" width="100px" height="100px" src="https://seso-static-assets-public.s3.amazonaws.com/seso-logo-green-a-100x100.png" alt="seso-logo">

# SESO Coding Challenge: Log Sorting

<br>

## Instructions

We have a number of [**log sources**](https://github.com/sesolabor/coding-challenge/blob/master/lib/log-source.js). Each log source contains N log entries. Each entry is a javascript object with a timestamp and message. We don't know the number of log entries each source contains - however - we do know that the entries within each source are sorted 🕒 **chronologically** 🕒.

### The Objectives:

1. [**_Drain all of the log sources._**](https://github.com/sesolabor/coding-challenge/blob/31313e303c53cebb96fa02f3aab473dd011e1d16/lib/log-source.js#L45) You should see what this means after digging in.
2. Print all of the entries, across all of the sources, in chronological order.
   - We don't need to store the log entries, just print them to stdout.
3. Do this _efficiently_. There are time and space complexities afoot!

We expect candidates to spend 1-3 hours on this exercise.

**We want to see you flex your CS muscles!!! Use the appropriate data structures to satisfy the time and space complexities inherent to the problem!!!**

## Pointers & Callouts

- We don't know how many logs each source contains. A source could contain millions of entries and be exabytes in size! In other words, reading the entirety of a log source into memory won't work well.
- Log sources could contain logs from last year, from yesterday, even from 100 years ago. We won't know the timeframe of a log source until we start looking.
- Consider what would happen when asked to merge 1 million log sources. Where might bottlenecks arise?

There are two parts of the challenge which you'll see when diving into things. You can get started by running `npm start`.

## Submitting

Create a GitHub repo and email your point of contact the link.

If - for whatever reason - you cannot create a GitHub repo for this challenge, it is also acceptable to 'zip' the directory and provide your submission as an email attachment.

## Solution

Solution made by Aníbal Rodríguez
